Mention internal user `_security_profile` in docs (#89100)
elastic/elasticsearch: x-pack/docs/en/security/authentication/internal-users.asciidoc

[[internal-users]]
=== Internal users

> NOTE: These users are designed for internal use by {es}. Direct use is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: These users are designed for internal use by {es} only. Authenticating with these users is not supported.
```

Reviewer: I think that including "only" strengthens the wording here. I also attempted to define what "direct use" means and provide more context.
